lets use reviewr instead of assignee of pool (#22)
easysoftware/developer-portal-devs: docs/Release guides/How-to-contribute.md

If you want your merge request review as soon as possible, follow these rules:
- For that follow the same naming convention as used for branches - `features/ISSUE_ID-your_feature_in_a_few_words`. If there is no linked task, describe it in more detail in the description since this comes handy for QA department.
- Always consider using labels to describe the overall state of your task - labels like `Important` will be prioritized over `WIP` ones.

> - Important is assign __reviewer__ of the merge request to Merge Request Pool or your Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set __reviewer__ of the merge request to Merge Request Pool or your Team.
```

Reviewer: Vsechny kroky jsou important.
